docs: Release notes for v0.19.0 (August 2025) (#232)
invertase/globe: docs/releases/v/0.19.0.mdx

---
title: Version 0.19.0 (August 2025)
---

| Section                   | Description                                                                                                                                                  | Release Date |
| :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------- |

> | **New Features & Improvements** | Added automatic env var expansion for Flutter Web to pass secrets at build time without custom scripts.                                                   | 26/08/2025   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **New Features & Improvements** | Added automatic --dart-define support for Flutter Web from project Environment Variables.                                                   | 26/08/2025   |
```
